Honda VTR 1000 sp2 for sale on eBay this
is the s2 model and the paper he comes
with his v5 registration document no
former keepers the bikers are one owner
from new HP I checked if occur those
shows all completely clear as nothing
the other bike security concern about it
was last MOT test certificate which
expired in March 2007 three little
things to point out around the bike if I
had been in storage since 2007 ish
perhaps a little bit before that but
probably not much before that I've had
it running on its own I've not been able
to take a ride because any runs on one
sinner and I think one of the injectors
is probably gummed up I haven't tried
going any further than that
but I think that's probably what's wrong
with it I've noticed that when I had it
running on one soul if you squirted some
fuel down his air hole you could get it
to run on both cylinders so that told me
that everything is fine apart from this
you're not getting pumped in I do know
that the fuel pump was blocked when I
got the bike and I've changed a fuel
pump on it so it has a different fuel
pump the Oban can go with it but they
come up and there's very little you can
do with them when they're like that as
far as I'm aware anyway there's that it
needs another battery the battery is
years old and there you need to change
that I took off a date at all alarm
system from the bike because the battery
in the date all alarm had gone flat and
it wouldn't come up so I removed the LAN
system from the bike
I have only twisted the wires together
at this point it wasn't a problem so I
do they want soldiering and insulating
to do a permanent job
there's that and that's basically it
I think if you do those small jobs I
think to get to the injectors it's quite
an easy job I wouldn't be surprised if
both injectors could do with changing
but the last time I tried to start it it
didn't run on on his own but he did
before so I would say probably that's
what's going on there but it was nice
not difficult job to do any of that he's
just a little bit time-consuming you had
everything that hand you could probably
the whole thing up and running with a
battery and golfer ride within a couple
of hours I would have thought what
you're gonna do with it but anyway I've
got any questions and just ask